If you talk to me like that again, I'll beat you up
Who the hell is talking so big?
Do you want to die?
Who are you and what do you want to do?
Never mind who I am.
Ghost is eating next door
I advise you to always speak louder to me
Don't disturb him
Do you know who I am?
You talk to me like this
Who are you? Tell me
This young master will not change his name, but will not change his surname
surname Wu name Shaofeng
He is a famous martial arts genius in Jinhai
My parents, Changhe, are the martial arts leaders of Jinhai
You think you can afford me?
Martial genius
Return the head of the Martial Arts Alliance
how
Do you still want to touch me?
I'm afraid to kill you
crazy
Phoenix
Today I will teach you to be a good person
Hu Shao, forget it, don't cause trouble
It's okay Bin Jiao
A martial arts genius like me
Or don't cause trouble
Don't be afraid of trouble
Don't be dissatisfied with your hard work
I'll clean you up when I'm done with him
I said in front of me
You will never be good enough
I'll let you accompany whoever you accompany later
Aren't you going to do it?
Come on, I'm afraid you won't have a chance once I make a move
Boy, aren't you a martial arts genius?
Come on, I'll let you go first
That's what you said.
I today
kill